en: add doc about volume snapshot backup/restore across multiple kubernetes (#2406)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/backup-to-aws-s3-by-snapshot.md

summary: Learn how to back up TiDB cluster data to S3 based on EBS volume snapshots using TiDB Operator.
---

> > **Warning**
> >
> > This documentation is deprecated, please see [Back Up a TiDB Cluster across Multiple Kubernetes Using EBS Volume Snapshots](backup-by-ebs-snapshot-across-multiple-kubernetes.md) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Warning:**
>
> This document is deprecated. If you need to back up your cluster data using EBS snapshots, refer to [Back Up a TiDB Cluster across Multiple Kubernetes Using EBS Volume Snapshots](backup-by-ebs-snapshot-across-multiple-kubernetes.md).
```
